About Us
Who we are?
Imageexpert24 is an online based graphics design studio. We do the works of image editing. Image clipping path, Image resizing, Image enhancement and Image manipulating also. Mainly Clipping path, Image masking, Image manipulation, Retouching, Restoration, Shadow create, Color correction and Raster to Vector are the very jobs we do in time with best quality. We have a skilled & dedicated team as well as we have years of understanding in these areas. Most of our experts are learned from the well-known Institute of Graphic Arts, the finest institute on creative graphics design, of south Asia, in Bangladesh. It is a strict office system of Imageexpert24.com that after finishing by the graphics designer total works must be rechecked by the special quality controller. After ensuring 100% quality they are submitted to the client. Thus we ensure clients satisfaction.

Imageexpert24 deals image editing with photo grapher, web site developer, graphics studio, image studio, catalog design house, magazine agency, printing press, advertising firm, graphics design firm, clothing company, shoes company, product service agency. Admin of Image expert24 is expert enough to understand the expectation of the clients. Time binding is followed very rigidly by the officials of the studio. Imageexpert24 is very adamant to maintain its credintiallity.


Image expert 24 CSSO
Image expert 24 is doing image edit Within short time, perfect follow in the instruction, quality full, low cost and all time communication. We are giving best help our customers. All the time we provide instant response for our customers. Image expert 24 quickly handle Customers opportunities.

Image exprt24’s CSI organized by special team.There is working three shifts in a day, per shift work at three executive customer support service operator. Their one is leader and another two help the leader. Two customer support service operator’s work type is two type. One checked mail inbox and he understood these mail than reply to customers that’s mail accordingly. Another operator is checking file which come from production. He check that have the files been working with instructions? In addition our customer support service operators work very efficiently. If two helper operators work any wrong activities, head leader correct these activities. Customer support head leader is doing everything with smoothly. In order that any client cannot reproach.While one shift’s time is over than another shift’s team come. Head leader easily explained to another head leader. Another head leader takes the task perfectly. Than he distribute the task to his helper operators. In order that cannot service hamper any client.



Working team
Image expert 24 work 24/7-365 it has 3 shifts, per shift 8 hours’ work. I have 5 years experienced production manage. Per shift 50 expert designers work. Our production sector is consist of 5 levels
1. Junior Graphics designer
2. Graphics designer
3. Senior Graphics designer
4. Junior Quality controller
5. Senior Quality controller.
Every shift is confident for image work. They are able to finish any work without any help.



Payment
The time is globalization. Payment is very easy in the hole world. Money transfer is not problem in this time. Many way to transferring money such as PayPal, payoneer, skrill. Amazon, Bank account, debit Master card, visa card, cash delivery etc. We are transferring money with PayPal, Payoneer, master card, Bank account, Cash delivery.



1. Production

2. Upload download/ customer service

3. Markeing

4. Payment